What we need to do, so as I said,
when you click the clear button,
at this point nothing is happening.
So if we go into our index.js,
we're going to start by
getting that clear button component or
element.
So if we write clearButton,
we're gonna get document.getElementById,
and it has an ID of clear-button.
So this is our button to be
able to clear the canvas.
And we're gonna add
an onclick event listener.
So if we do clearButton.onclick,
we are gonna have an arrow function.
And what we're going to do in there is,
if you go back to the top of the file and
import our resetCanvas function
from the utils file, okay?
So here we have the first function so
we're going to reset the canvas.
And just to kind of prepare us for
the future state of our app, we're also
going to clear the prediction that will
be displayed at the end of the exercise.
So under resetCanvas here,
we're going to get the prediction
HTML element, so that's like a p tag.
So if we do const and
then predictionParagraph or
yes, yeah,
predictionParagraph should be good.
And we're getting the p tag that
has the class of prediction.
So document.getElements, oops.
Okay, getElementsByClassName,
and then we're getting,
the class name is prediction,
and we only have one.
So I could have used Id, just used class.
So feel free to change
that later if you want.
But this element is actually going to,
once we have our model trained,
and we'll use it in the browser,
this element will be used to kind of
display the prediction inside in the UI.
So this particular code right now,
is not going to, it's not really
going to clear anything because we're
not yet ready to display predict but
I'm just reading it now so
that then it'll be done already for us.
So we're gonna reset this
the textContent to zero so
that later on when we draw our new shape,
and it will display a prediction,
when we clear, it clears both
the drawing and the prediction.
And then I had another function here of
clearRect that comes from the utils file.
So if you call it and you import it
from the utils and you call it here,
what should happen now is that everything
should be figured when we are clicking
on that button.
So to make sure that it works, what we
can do is if you go back to the page and
you draw a shape like a square,
for example, and you clear and
it did not work, so I must have forgot and
something, sorry, my bad.
Here in the way that already
it should be just .js.
If I remember correctly,
yes, sorry, so here, boom,
and well, that's a bad square,
but yes, okay.
So if you clear the button,
it should actually be clearing the canvas.
So again, just to recap,
we're importing resetCanvas and
clear a rectangle from the utils function.
Maybe if you decide to then rewrite
everything, even the utils from
scratch you might call your functions
differently or put everything together.
But the next thing is that we're
getting our clearButton element, and
when we're clicking on it,
we're resetting everything,
including our future prediction
label that will be displayed